
                          INSTALL CCMATH

     The CCMATH Mathematics Library is installed using three shell scripts
 located in the distribution directory containing this INSTALL file:

          makelibs.sh ,    non_intel.sh ,   and      install.sh

 These scripts should be run from the distribution directory.

 NOTE: The installation scripts assume a shell that accepts Borne shell
       syntax commands, such as 'bash' or 'ksh'. I They current specify
       use of '/bin.sh'. You may alter this another compatible shell
       by altering the first line in the script files.

     1) SKIP THIS STEP IF YOUR TARGET IS INTEL COMPATIBLE!!
        If you are installing the library on a platform that does
        not use an Intel 80x86 compatible processor, run the script
        non_intel.sh first. The script will query you on the byte
        order employed by the target processor (little-endian for
        INTEL and big-endian for many UNIX workstations). You
        should know the answer before running non_intel.sh.
        [ To test the byte order of your processor, compile
          and run the program byteord.c , and compare the
          output with sample output for a little-endian
          processor appended as a comment to the byteord
          source. If they differ, your processor is
          big-endian. ]
        
     2) Run the makelibs.sh script to compile the source code.
        The script will query you on whether or not the target
        processor is Intel compatible. If it is, respond by
        entering 'y'. The script will compile both a static
        library 'ccm.a' and a shared library 'lccm.so',
        stored in the subdirectory 'tmp'.

        Optimization flags and/or the compiler command used
        can be altered by editing the script. This distribution
        was tested using gcc version 2.7.2.3.

    3) Run the install.sh script as the ROOT user to install the
       header file and the libraries. The default locations are:

          header:        /usr/include/ccmath.h
          static lib:    /usr/lib/libccm.a
          shared lib:    /lib/libccm.so

       These locations can be altered by editing the script.
